[DM-3100] Shell device tab - command name and description should be truncated (#1727)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-10-18-503-0-shell-device-tab-command-name-and-description-should-be-truncated.md

---
date: 

> title: Shell device tab - command name and description should be truncated

Reviewer: Input in text fields on the Shell tab no longer truncated

Author: ```suggestion
title: Input in text fields on the Shell tab no longer truncated
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-3100
version: 10.18.503.0
---

> When adding a new predefined command on Shell device tab, all text fields are now properly formatted making all information visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding a new predefined command on the **Shell** tab in the device details, all text fields are now properly formatted making all information visible.
```
